Difference between Window, document and screen in javascript

Window:

The JavaScript window object sits at the top of the JavaScript Object hierarchy and represents 
the browser window.The window is the first thing that gets loaded into the browser .

Document and Screen are the properties of Window.

This window object has the majority of the properties like length, innerWidth, innerHeight and more. 
The window object represents the current browsing context . It holds things like window.location, 
window.history, window.screen, window.status, or the window.document .

The window interface represents a window containing a DOM document. The document property points to the 
DOM document located in that window. A window for a given document can be obtained using document.defaultView property.


Document:

Document is a part of the window. The document interface represents any webpage loaded in the browser 
and 
serves as an entry point into the webpages content, which is DOM tree.

When an HTML document is loaded into a web browser , it becomes a document object. 
It is the root node of the HTML document. 
The document actually gets loaded inside the window object and has properties available to it 
like title, URL, cookie, etc.

The DOM tree includes elements such as <body> and <table> among many others. 
Depends on the document’s type (eg: HTML, XML…) a larger API is available.

HTML documents, served with the “text/html” content type, also implement the HTMLDocument interface, 
whereas XML and SVG documents implement the XMLDocument interface.


Screen:

Screen object contains information about window or the browser window. 
The screen interface represents a screen usually the one which the current window is being rendered 
and is obtained using window.screen.

Screen is a small information object about physical screen dimensions . 
It can be used to display screen width, height, colorDepth, pixelDepth etc. 
It is not mandatory to write window prefix with screen object. 
It can be written without window prefix.